Add a user - Pages documentation (#2289)
18F/cg-site: _pages/pages/documentation/add-user.md

---
title: Adding users to Organizations
permalink: /pages/documentation/adding-users/
layout: docs
navigation: pages
sidenav: pages-documentation
---

## User Requirements

As a new user, reach out to your organization’s manager to be invited to the platform and subsequently the desired organization. 

If you are having trouble locating who the organization manager is you can reach out in one of our slack channels #cg-pages or #cg-pages-public.

## Adding a new user

1. Navigate to the organizations tab
2. Click edit in the lower right hand corner of the organization pane

> ![Screenshot of the Pages admin UI interface where organization managers can access the edit feature of a singular organinzation](https://github.com/Ephraim-G/images/blob/a16563b4824af4c80e72d7813276ae35c425ed20/edit_organizations.png)

Reviewer: Update to the local images you added

```suggestion
![Screenshot of the Pages admin UI interface where organization managers can access the edit feature of a singular organinzation]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/pages/images/edit_organizations.png)
```

3. Click the plus sign under “Members” 

> ![Screenshot of the Pages admin UI interface where organization managers can access the add memebers feature to send invitations to the organization ](https://github.com/Ephraim-G/images/blob/a16563b4824af4c80e72d7813276ae35c425ed20/add_user.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of the Pages admin UI interface where organization managers can access the add members feature to send invitations to the organization ]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/pages/images/add_user.png)
```
